Checklist for Assignment PY

1) Have you tarred + gripped the file as XXXXXXXX.PY.tar.gz (your 8-digit roll number) ?
A) YES

2) Does your tar.gz file expand (by using the command tar xvzf) to the base directory named XXXXXXXX (your 8-digit roll number), and which in turns contains a directory named PY?
A) YES

3) Have you removed all the class files and jar files from your tar ball?
A) YES

4) Does the above created PY contains PY.java, as the main file, that can be compiled using javac?
A) YES

5) Does your PY.java take input from Standard Input (for usage of redirection) ?
A) YES

6) Does your PY.java write output to Standard Output (for usage of redirection) ?
A) YES

7) Have you removed all the debugging messages that your program may output?
A) YES

8) Is (some part of) the assignment plagiarized? 
A) NO

9) Any comments about your evaluation strategy :
A) Evaluation strategy:
   01) First we classes ClassInfo and FunInfo.
   02) In the first pass (by FirstPass class which extends), we collect all the variables declared in the scope.
   03) The first pass also has a hashmap "classes" that stores names of classes and maps to their respective ClassInfo objects.
   04) We handle the insertions using global variables.
   05) We collect all the classes, variables and methods in them and put it the in the ClassInfo objects associated with that class (also insert the parent class name if it exists).
   06) We also collect the method signature, variables declared and put it in FunInfo objectswhich go into ClassInfo objects.
   0&) After the first pass, we iterate through all the classes and check if any class has an undeclared parent or has overloading
   07) We do a dfs to get the start and end times (this was done only for a minor optimization and is options).
   08) Then in the second pass, we check for types according to the declarations we obtained in the first parse.
   09) Whenever a method is overloaded, or incorrect(unmatched) types are assigned to each other, we raise a type error.
   10) We also raise a type error when we try to access a method from a primitive type.
   11) The other errors like undeclared variable, undeclared class, absence of functions etc are symbol not found errors. 